[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Marguerite
Rigoglioso is back with us,
and we're going to be
talking about what many of us
learned in Sunday
school, divine birth,
as described in her book, "The
Mystery Tradition of Miraculous
Conception."
The way I heard it,
Mary was a humble woman
whom God picked to impregnate.
And the poverty stricken
couple gave birth
in an animal enclosure
eating out of a trough.
Does that sound about right?
That's how I learned it.
Welcome, Marguerite.
>>MARGUERTIE RIGOGLIOSO: Hi.
Nice to be back.
>>REGINA: A simple little
story of humble people.
Not quite right.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah, not quite.
>>REGINA: So let's-- gosh,
where do we get into this?
Because I really want to
spend some time talking
about immaculate conception,
because it's something
we don't do interviews on and
people don't write books about,
normally.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes, correct.
>>REGINA: So first of all,
make your first comment
about how that didn't
happen that way.
And then we're going to
talk about divine birth
in other ancient
cultures, not just
in the Christian tradition.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
Well, I've been researching
this for more than a decade
now, about divine birth.
And I discovered that there
was this whole tradition
in Ancient Greece--
not only in Ancient
Greece, but in Ancient Rome
and all over the world.
In the ancient Middle
East, in northern Africa--
all over.
Native American traditions
have what I call divine birth
traditions, OK?
Mary comes out of that.
She's not the first,
she's not the only,
and she's not the last woman
to have divinely conceived.
But what I learned is
that this is not something
that happens accidentally.
This is not something
that all of a sudden
descends on a woman.
This was actually
a practice of women
in lineages going back thousands
and thousands of years.
And so Mary was in that
lineage of this practice.
Her mother Anne before her
gave birth to her divinely.
Their relative
Elizabeth divinely
gave birth to John the Baptist.
And Sarah, the mother
of the biblical Isaac,
miraculously gave birth.
And many, many others.
So we're talking about a
longstanding tradition.
>>REGINA: And we'll talk about
the various ways in which this
has occurred, because
it seems like there
are numerous ways in
which this was achieved.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes.
>>REGINA: But the
interesting thing
to me in reading
some of the chapters
from your forthcoming book
is that the reason for doing
so-- first of all,
you took women
with advance knowledge that
were already high initiates.
And you wanted to preserve
that knowledge slash bloodline.
So it was really about not
disturbing the bloodline
by injecting the DNA from
an outside bloodline in.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes.
>>REGINA: As I understand it.
Is that correct?
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Very much.
And the other piece of that
is to bring in a divine star
being bloodline.
>>REGINA: Right, because that's
what it was all being set up
for, is high-frequency body,
high-frequency entity being
able to take that
body and offer what
it's come to do in that given
lifetime or incarnation.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Definitely,
because the purpose
was to bring in the
avatar, to bring
in the holy being, the
one who could periodically
give humanity an
uplift after humanity
had started to degenerate.
And this has happened
time and time again.
So in, for example,
the Haudenosaunee--
often known as the
Iroquois tradition--
you have the peacemaker, who
came in, uplifted those people.
And they were able to
stop warring, and then
unite the five and six
Iroquois Confederacy.
That's one example.
Jesus is another example.
>>REGINA: We're going to
go into a few others a bit
down and talk about the
ways in which they're
said to have arrived here.
So we're talking about
biological parthenogenesis.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes.
>>REGINA: So explain
what that means.
And then we'll go into the
various iterations of how
these beings came through.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
Parthenogenesis comes from
"parthenos" and "gignesthai,"
two Greek words.
"Parthenos" more or less
means virgin, or maiden.
And "gignesthai"
means to be born.
So it means to be born
of a virgin or maiden,
meaning biologically
conception without male sperm.
>>REGINA: And oftentimes, this
would be women having sex,
so to speak, in their own minds
and in their own energy field
with a divine being.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Right.
Well, initially-- I find
these like four phases, right?
Initially, it was
them having kind
of a divine encounter
with themself as goddess,
as universe.
That's divine parthenogenesis.
And the early
stages of conception
could happen that way.
Then there was a
second phase, where
they would have conception,
and it would result--
the first stage would
result in a female child.
OK?
Because the woman's eggs--
she's basically replicating
herself, essentially.
>>REGINA: X. XX.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah,
the X chromosomes.
But in a later phase
of this, the women
would be able to self-conceive,
but conceive a male child.
But it was still
parthenogenesis.
Then, a little bit what
you were talking about,
there was the phase
where the women started
going into this ritual--
it would be a very deep,
high-level ritual--
attempting parthenogenesis.
And all of a sudden,
they would be met
by the presence of a male God.
And then it would become a
kind of a sexual encounter.
And initially--
>>REGINA: Between dimensions.
>>RIGOGLIOSO:
Between dimensions.
And we have stories all
over the world of women
having sex with
gods, essentially.
This really initially
wasn't a welcome thing.
This was more like
a rape seduction.
OK?
And that's where all the raped
maidens of the Greek tradition
represent that phase of it.
As that further
degenerated, the women
started then not being
able to fight that, fight
that whole wave.
And so they started
cultivating it.
And they started actively
having these rituals and rites
of having sex with these gods.
And this is how, for example,
the Egyptian pharaohs came in.
Well, actually, it was before.
The Egyptian pharaohs
is a later stage.
But this would be the woman
having sex with a god,
and then giving
birth, so we have
many stories of Apollo and
Zeus in the Greek tradition,
for example.
And then a later
stage of this is
they would have a male priest as
the stand-in actor for the god.
It started degenerating,
degenerating, degenerating.
>>REGINA: To where they needed
a physical male presence.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: And
that was Egypt, OK?
So the male pharaoh would
kind of get out of the way,
and then the god would come in
and would impregnate the woman.
But at that point
then, because there
was a male biological
body, they could claim
the child in the male line.
You see?
>>REGINA: And this
had implications.
And we're going to talk
about the implications,
because then the mother, who was
usually a priestess or a very
high initiate--
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah, queen.
>>REGINA: --no longer
had the ability
to kind of inculcate
her knowledge
into the child or the son.
It was taken under
the domain of the men.
And a whole different
type of development
occurred as a result of
that, as you would think.
So first of all, let's talk
about the role of the virgin.
Why virgins?
And these were often--
we have to remember,
historically girls
were conceiving and having
babies from the age of 13
and 14 commonly, throughout
all different societies
around the world.
Not in Atlantean ancient times.
Time ran differently.
Age ran differently.
But in modern history,
this was common.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
So why virginity?
For a woman to give birth
to a certain type of being--
this kind of star being, let's
say, for simplicity's sake--
she needs to retain the
purity of her womb space.
And there is something about the
entry of a male into the womb
space that disrupts
that particular thing.
It's fine--
>>REGINA: It adds another
energetic imprint.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: It adds
another energetic imprint.
It's fine for conceiving the
way most people conceive.
So there's nothing
wrong with that.
It's not like that's
an impure act.
>>REGINA: But you're trying
to keep a pure bloodline,
in this case.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
And you're trying to keep
the woman's integrity
and connection with Divine
Sophia, as we might call her.
Strict feminine divine
consciousness, right?
And if you bring a male
into that, it switches it.
So the virginity has to be
there for energetic purposes
and for the vibration of the
being that can be incarnated.
That is what that was all about.
And a lot of these
priestesshoods,
in Ancient Greece and
elsewhere, required the women
and the girls to be virgins,
because they were conducting
all sorts of divine powers.
And they could not
have that introduction
of the element into their space
while they were doing that.
So most of the Greek
priestesses were virgins.
Or if they came into
a priestesshood,
like later at Delphi, they
had to become celibate.
>>REGINA: Right.
That's what I was just
going to bring up, Delphi.
Yes.
So it was important to,
again, maintain one's
energies and their
direct connection,
and not have it dissipated
through relationships
with others.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Exactly.
But that became used, of course,
later as a sign of moral purity
that was then
impressed and forced
on all girls and all women.
And that's not what
it's meant to do.
It was a tool.
>>REGINA: Interestingly--
this is off-topic,
but on, because you
brought that up.
There is a movement
happening right now--
and there was
apparently a congress
of people gathering--
where young women
in strict Christian faiths
are leaving their faiths.
And a big part of it
is because they're
tired of having that kind of
morality imposed upon them
but not the husbands, of having
to literally allow the male
to have dominance over them.
And they're bucking
that saying, we
don't want to live
that tradition anymore.
We don't feel that's
our truth anymore.
And it's a fairly sizable
movement occurring right now.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
And yes, of course,
many people will not
want the virginity
requirement imposed on them.
I think that understanding
what the virginity is really
all about is it allows
women to make clearer
choices about if they want
to go into a certain kind
of a spiritual path, they can
willingly embrace the virginity
without feeling like
they absolutely have to
for moral purity reasons.
But rather, they're doing it for
a certain energetic holy womb
chakra reason, whereas
women who do not want that
do not have to go there.
And they can still
be just as holy.
In fact, there's
a whole tantric,
you know, divine sexuality with
men path that's just as holy,
but it's just a different thing.
So we're getting clear
now with this work
about what virginity is,
why, and how and where it
does and doesn't need
to be imposed on women.
>>REGINA: Right.
And this practice did
run through bloodlines.
This is all over in
all these traditions.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Definitely.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about a few of them,
which you've mentioned
in your book.
And one of them
had to do-- well,
you talked about Sarah,
who conceived Isaac
as quite an elderly woman.
Right?
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Right.
And see, that's also something
that I'm starting to realize,
that the concept of
elderly was very different.
There is a whole continuum.
Because what I'm discovering
is that the women who
were in this virgin
birth practice
may never have been
menstruating from day one,
because they were on
a purification diet.
>>REGINA: Which ceased that,
ceased the whole cycle.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Ceased
the menstruation.
Because menstruation is
used to purify the system.
When you already
have a pure diet,
you don't need to
purify the system.
>>REGINA: They lived more
ascetic lives, in that sense.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: More
ascetic lives.
so.
There was this continuum.
It wasn't like, oh, these
girls were menstruating,
and then they
stopped menstruating
and now these older women
are somehow conceiving.
It's that this
purification was happening
throughout their lives.
So it's almost as though it
was a seamless into elderhood.
So these women could
still conceive into what
we consider elderhood.
And sometimes it took the
women the whole lifetime
to be able to get there.
So that's where we have Sarah.
That's where we have
Mary's mother, Anne.
That's where we have their
relative Elizabeth, who
conceived John the Baptist.
Right?
Sometimes it took a very,
very long time for them
to achieve it.
And their partners were
never conjugal husbands.
OK?
So Abraham, my research
shows that Abraham was not
the conjugal husband of Sarah.
Joakim was not the
conjugal husband of Anne.
And Joseph was not the conjugal
husband, at least initially,
of Mary.
They were guardians,
sacred guardians
who would support
them energetically
in their role of divine
birth priestess, essentially.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
And with Mary, which we'll
get into a little bit later,
she did end up having a
normal life, normal relations,
and other children as well.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes, later.
>>REGINA: We'll get
into that in a bit.
Let's talk about
Daoism and Lao Su.
His mother, Lao, apparently was
impregnated after witnessing
a falling star?
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
Yeah.
There are these
types of little codes
that, when I started
looking at these,
I realized, OK, this is
a divine birth story.
Witnessing a falling
star-- in other words,
she was opening her
vessel to receive
this star being, probably
because she was trained.
But that's the part of
the story we don't hear,
that she was trained.
We barely hear what her name
is, and it focuses on the child.
And so what's happening
now is the resurrection
of the women in these practices.
Zoroaster, same thing.
His mother drank soma.
>>REGINA: Soma, yes.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: OK?
And that means she was
using a ritual medicine
to open her consciousness.
And probably all these women
were using ritual medicines
to get to the requisite
state where they could start
communicating with the star
beings that were helping,
the angel Gabriel's,
so to speak,
that were helping
with this process.
And there are many
other stories like this.
>>REGINA: Well, when you say
the notion of a falling star,
was that metaphorical
for a being?
>>RIGOGLIOSO: A being.
>>REGINA: Yes, of course.
But to her consciousness it
appeared as a falling star.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: And
to the people later
who were writing that
down, that's what they
could make sense of, right?
>>REGINA: Yes.
And so on this planet,
on Earth, you also
chronicle that there
have been species--
most of them seem to fall
into the reptile species--
of creatures that have been
able to self-replicate.
So it's not unknown
of on this planet.
It is within other species.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
Oftentimes, you hear
of-- especially when
they're in captivity--
snakes, sharks--
>>REGINA: Stressed.
Extremely stressed and
unable to reproduce normally.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah,
you hear that.
And then there have
been scientific studies
that have induced
parthenogenesis in rabbits,
in sea urchins, in mice.
And I had spoken to a researcher
where his mouse experiment--
where he instigated the
meiosis of the mouse egg
through chemicals and put them
back into the mice mothers,
the National
Institutes of Health
shut that experiment down.
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
Presumably for ethical--
>>REGINA: Too challenging.
Yeah, too challenging to our
tightly held belief systems.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Mm-hmm.
But I know women who have
had miraculous births.
>>REGINA: You wrote about
one of them in the book
too that another
man had chronicled.
So talk about that
one, for example.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
So this woman, whose pseudonym
is Laurie, back in 1976,
believe it or not, on
Christmas Eve she--
now, she had been doing
all of these practices.
She was a Breatharian.
She was a deeply,
deeply spiritual woman.
This didn't all of a sudden
just happen to her walking
down the street, right?
She experienced a flash of light
and a messenger telling her
that she was pregnant.
And indeed, she was pregnant.
It was verified medically.
It was verified by a Hopi
elder that she went to.
There's a whole story.
It's Den Poitras who writes
about it in his book called
"Parthenogenesis."
It's an amazing, amazing story.
But the child was only
able to live three months.
And that's-- there's another
child that I know that also
died early.
>>REGINA: Why do
you think that is?
>>RIGOGLIOSO: A few
different reasons.
I think the vibration of the
planet can't hold it yet.
I also do think that there
are eyes on these children,
and they get noticed,
and they get taken out.
So that's the thing.
There needs to be a lot of
protection around this process
when it does happen.
And that's why,
as we may discuss,
Mary had a retinue
of virgin priestesses
that were around her.
The basilinna in
ancient Athens, who
would have sex with
Dionysus and presumably
give birth to his
child, was surrounded
by 14 gerara, these sacred
elder women who held the space.
These women weren't
just doing it alone.
There was a retinue
around them of protection,
because we know what's
going on in this realm
with all of the
attacks on the planet.
And so of course,
they're going to be--
>>REGINA: Especially to those
that are particularly advanced.
So let's go into an area
that a lot of our viewers
are already familiar with
and get your understanding
behind it, which is the
Nephilim, the whole notion
of the daughters
of men procreating
with the gods and the species
of giants that followed.
And the notion of
giants have been
chronicled around the world.
These are physical
beings that existed.
They existed in the
days of Atlantis.
They emigrated to other places.
And so they're commonly
chronicled, even
in the United States and
Asia, Europe, all over.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes.
Yes.
So I will talk
about the Nephilim
and that whole situation.
On the continuum is something
that your listeners will also
be interested in, which
is the alien impregnations
and implantations.
That is on this same continuum
of human sexual relations,
or abductions or rapes, by
interdimensional beings.
>>REGINA: And in some cases,
by their own cooperation.
I won't name her name, but I've
interviewed one woman who's
well-known who states she
had a relationship with,
in her case, a reptilian being.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: OK.
>>REGINA: There you go.
And they had a
full-on relationship,
just kind of phased
off this reality from--
so it seems to have every
single story around this.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes because
some of these beings
can be what we would
consider friendly there
is a whole history
of spirit marriage.
OK?
And some are not friendly.
And some, it's willing,
and some it isn't willing.
But to go back to
the Nephilim, these
are seared essentially
the children, the products
of these women being
impregnated by what
were called the Watchers, or
these angelic beings who were,
quote, as high as the heavens.
In other words,
they were giants.
>>REGINA: They were
literally overseeing
the development of the human
species and the other kingdoms
here.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: And what
happened is they really
liked the female women.
>>REGINA: Some of them.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Some of them.
>>REGINA: They had a split.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: OK.
They had a split, right?
The negative ones
were like, hmm,
they're looking
pretty attractive.
They wanted to start getting
into the sexual activity
with them.
So what they would do-- and this
is in the Testament of Reuben,
which is one of these
Testament of the 12 Patriarchs.
It's kind of-- no
one is really sure
whether this is part of
the Hebrew tradition,
whether it was made up by
the Christians, whatever.
But these are supposed
to be the sons
of Jacob in their last words and
their teachings and everything.
So in the Testament
of Reuben, it
talks about how the Watchers--
before the flood, I believe--
they would see
these human women,
and they would see
these human women
having sexual relations
with their husbands
and their partners.
And these negative
ones were saying, wow,
that looks pretty juicy.
So they would get
in there, and they
would get into the thought
forms of the woman.
All right?
This is relevant, because this
is exactly how the gods would
seduce, rape the
priestesses who would
be right in the middle of a
virgin birth conception ritual.
It was a similar thing.
The woman would be having sex.
These Watchers would
make themselves
into a very attractive
human male image.
And the woman is getting--
>>REGINA: And project
that into her mind?
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Project
that into her mind.
And the woman is starting
to get seduced and attracted
by this image.
It's akin to when
a person is having
sexual relations with someone
and starts fantasizing
about another person.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Kind of a hopped-up
desire happening.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: All right.
And so these women would
end up having astral sex
with the image--
in other words,
with the Watcher.
And the telltale sign
of this, and the fact
that the pregnancy had come
from the Watcher and not
the husband, is
that the children
would be the Nephilim,
who were tall as giants.
So that's how these Nephilim
literally got onto the planet
then.
>>REGINA: So it wasn't
by physical congress?
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Not with
those particular--
>>REGINA: It was through this
projected energetic imprint,
which was a very
strong one, that
actually affected the genetics?
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes.
A holographic,
high-tech way of getting
involved in the sex act.
>>REGINA: So did most of
these women die in birth?
What happened?
>>RIGOGLIOSO: No,
they were able to--
>>REGINA: How could--
I never understood this part.
There are so many
conflicting parts.
To give birth to a giant as a--
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Right.
OK, well, what I'm
getting right now
is that it was still a baby.
It wasn't a giant
till it grew up.
>>REGINA: Right.
But it wasn't a larger
proportioned being as a baby?
>>RIGOGLIOSO: No.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: That's what
I'm being shown right now.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: So that's
where the Nephilim--
>>RIGOGLIOSO: That's where
the Nephilim come from.
>>REGINA: That's
your information
on where it came from.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
And then these big
Nephilim would be walking
around the planet like that.
>>REGINA: And in what
you've read and been shown,
did they possess certain levels
of knowledge and abilities
beyond the normal
human at that time?
>>RIGOGLIOSO: The women?
>>REGINA: No, the Nephilim.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: The Nephilim.
>>REGINA: The offspring.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah, they would.
They would possess the
information of the Watchers.
OK?
Now, if though the
Watchers were negative,
basically essentially doing an
unethical act in intermingling
with humans-- because there
were injunctions against this,
as we know--
the Nephilim were also
getting that energy frequency
of those particular Watchers.
Right?
So they were having both
elevated knowledge, and then
shady aspects.
>>REGINA: Well, yeah.
They would have hybridized
bodies and hybridized knowledge
bases.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So they
would appear to be
kind of those gods among
men on one level, which
also had the detrimental effect
of dismantling the matriarchy.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: It did.
And there are-- so to
switch over specifically
from talking about the
Nephilim to these other beings,
in the Greek tradition you have
Theseus, Perseus, and Heracles
All were divinely born
through rape seductions
by Zeus into their mothers'
divine birth rites.
And so these sons of
the god were born.
And they had tremendous
powers, Theseus, Perseus--
and also, we'll throw in there
a historical one, Alexander
the Great.
His mother Olympias
had sex with Zeus-Amun
in his form of the
Egyptian serpent being.
OK?
These beings would have
supernatural powers,
because always, children
born in a divine sort of way
would have elevated powers.
But if the condition of the
pregnancy and the condition
of the male being doing it and
the condition of the female
were not of the
highest-level vibration,
as in the case was with
Mary, then the being,
again, would be of an
ambiguous, ambivalent kind
of characterisation.
And so you have Hercules,
who went about dismantling
through all of his 12 labors--
almost each one I write
about in Virgin Mother
Goddesses of Antiquity--
was dismantling the
matriarchy, or women.
Perseus was forced
to cut the head off
of Medusa, who was a
virgin birth priestess.
And Theseus seduced Helen,
and essentially abducted her
before Paris ever even did.
So there are many, many problems
with these beings coming on.
So what was once a practice
to elevate humanity,
get it back to its original
blueprint, of course,
started getting
infiltrated and used desire
to foment the very patriarchy
that the tradition was
originally started to address.
And so then you have this
continuous development
of patriarchy until the
divine birth priestesshoods
just become nuns, without
even the technology
knowledge of how to give birth.
The vestal virgins,
their womb power
becomes siphoned
off to fuel Rome.
Their wombs and the fire of
Rome were the same thing.
OK?
So their yoni power,
their holy womb power
was being used to fuel the
whole reptilian Roman Empire.
In secret, which
is something I'm
going to be that I write
about in "The Mystery
Tradition of
Miraculous Conception,"
they were having
sexual relations
and giving birth
to other leaders.
OK?
And we only know that through
two of the rogue emperors who
let that slip.
But that was a very,
very occult piece
that they were doing
behind the scenes.
But then after that, you
get the Catholic nuns,
who are completely cut
off from womb power.
And they are strictly
virgins, bless their hearts.
And this is not at all--
>>REGINA: Dedicated
to their father.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Dedicated
And this is not to
insult nuns, who
do many, many beautiful and
important things in the world.
But it's just to
suggest that there
has been a very
great disempowerment
of their lineages.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Let's go back to
something that we
were kind of touching
in when you were talking
about Anne giving birth to Mary,
Mary giving birth to Jesus.
And that is mother-daughter
twinning, which is interesting.
And it even mentions
in some texts
where Mary gave
birth to herself.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Oh.
>>REGINA: That's interesting.
I can share that with you later.
But go ahead.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah, cool.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about this twinning
and this possibility
of using the mind
to be able to replicate.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
So this is the original
type of parthenogenesis,
and some would say the original
type of reproduction of humans
to begin with.
That is a very
esoteric thing that
probably goes back to Lamuria.
How did we originate
reproduction?
Were we a female-female-female
only line?
There are teachers
who talk about there.
>>REGINA: There are some
esoteric ancient texts
that say we were neither.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Right.
But it was a kind of
self-replication--
>>REGINA: We were androgynous.
>>RIGOGLIOSO:
Self-replicating androgyny.
And then once the
sex is split, it
became a self-replicating
feminine twinning.
OK?
So parthenogenesis,
female-wise--
because a woman's eggs
are all individual--
they're not an exact
replica of the mother--
parthenogenesis of
one of those eggs
is not an exact
twinning of the woman.
But it's energetically felt
as one, felt as a twinning.
So you have the Demeter
and Persephone story,
where Persephone-- if we take
Zeus out of the equation,
which probably was the case
in the original story--
Demeter is self-replicating
herself into Persephone.
And Persephone was getting
ready to self-replicate herself
when Hades came into it
and raped her, you see?
And then gave birth to Dionysus.
We're talking about a
female-female-female line.
And so with Anne, the mother
of Mary, as we find out
in what's called "The
Infancy Gospel of James,"
which is what I base
my book on, it's
a whole esoteric analysis
of that infancy gospel.
She would have been doing
that original practice
of giving birth to herself.
And it was coming
out as Mary, who
is her own personality
but a replication
of the great high Holy Sophia.
You see?
That's where-- it's women
replicating the goddess energy.
>>REGINA: So now
we move to Mary.
OK?
And we'll spend our conversation
on Mary from this point
forward.
So Mary, the way
you understand it,
actually gave birth
to Jesus in a cave.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah, that's
what that gospel tells us.
Because they were in transit.
She and Joseph were in
transit in the desert.
>>REGINA: Apparently, there was
quite a few little challenges
along the way in this journey.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah, they
had a lot of different--
we could spend forever on that,
but it will be in the book.
>>REGINA: Right, right, right.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: And they
went into a cave-- which
is, of course, the
original location of ritual
for humanity, for women, for
birthing rituals, for death
rituals, and so forth.
So yes, it was a cave.
That's where it happened.
And there were these
miraculous things
that happened around a light
eminating from the cave,
and so forth, and the witnessing
of two different midwives,
and so forth, to the process.
>>REGINA: So let's talk about--
let's stick with Mary,
the vibration of the name
Mary, and who Mary
was as a being,
and her influence on her son.
And let's just go into
the story of Mary.
Take it away.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
So Mary-- you know, one of
the very important teachings
to have come in this
time in recent decades
is from Swami Sri Kaleshwar, who
is a now deceased Hindu saint.
But he brought
through information
that was on the ancient palm
leaf manuscripts from India.
And he also claimed to
have past life recall
of being with the holy family.
We also have information
coming through someone
like Claire Heartsong,
where she channeled
in her Anna, Grandmother
of Jesus book,
and so forth, much, much
more about the holy family
and who Mary was than
we have been given.
I particularly like Sri
Kaleshwar's information,
because it corresponds
with what I intuited
from that gospel, the
infancy gospel of James,
starting with her name,
the vibration of her name.
It would have been
"Maryam" originally.
OK?
And there is a scholar named
DM Murdoch who traces that
to the word "meri" in
Egyptian, which basically
meant love, divine love.
So her name was all
about the beloved--
the beloved one, the one who
loves, the one who is divine
love.
So right off the bat,
we have that name,
which became a priestess title.
That's why we have all of
these Marys running around.
>>REGINA: Well, even in
Egyptian history, Meritaten,
for example.
It runs throughout.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Exactly.
It was a title related
also to Isis, who was
a previous incarnation of Mary.
Mary had many,
many incarnations.
That's the thing.
Sri Kaleshwar said she had
millions of incarnations
before she was able to
perfect herself and go
into the final lifetime that
she had for her ascension.
And just as Jesus was able
to help people release
a whole bunch of karma by
his sacrificial death, Mary,
through all of the processes
that she went through,
is enabling people to
ascend much more quickly.
Now people are not
going to have to go
through a million lifetimes
like she did in order
to experience their ascension--
or what I call their incension,
because it's an
interior process.
So she was very learned
through lifetimes and lifetimes
of study.
And in this lifetime, the
one we know of her as Mary,
Kaleshwar talks about--
and she had a protocol.
She would sleep from 11 to 2 AM.
From 2 to 3, she
would be meditating.
From 3 to 5, she would
be talking to the angels,
channeling.
OK?
Every day of her life.
And she was doing
these mantra practices.
And she was working with
sacred symbols, yantras.
This was part of it.
It was a whole
program that she was
involved in in this
lifetime, which is also
available to women today.
And I've been going
through that process.
It's a mantra
purification process
of your holy womb chakra.
So we're not just talking
about history here
and, oh, great for Mary, but
what about the rest of us?
No.
This is something
that's applicable.
And that is why
it's awakening now,
because we are in this
very intense time where
we're moving into fifth
dimensional consciousness.
We have the capacity.
And we can start accelerating
very, very quickly.
So she was an extremely
learned woman.
She was a very open channel.
She was a prophet.
She was a healer.
She was a teacher.
She was the main teacher
of the whole Christed
enterprise during Jesus's
life and afterward.
>>REGINA: And you say she was
really his primary teacher
was his mother.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes.
They were soulmates.
Sri Kaleshwar uses, that
exact term, soulmates.
And I find that so
beautiful, because a soulmate
can be many different things.
But it's just a deep,
deep soul connection.
They were not married
or having any kind
of relationship like that.
That was for Mary Magdalene, OK?
He was also soulmated
with Mary Magdalene.
>>REGINA: But you
also say that she was
a teacher to Mary Magdalene.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: She was a
teacher to Mary Magdalene.
>>REGINA: So talk
about that relation.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
In a book by Maximus--
it's attributed to Maximus.
It's called "The
Life of the Virgin."
That's an apocryphal gospel.
These are all apocryphal,
meaning they've been thrown out
by the Catholic church.
But we find out that she
was Magdalene's teacher.
She helped mentor Magdalene
to become one of the Apostles
to become equal to Peter.
Right?
And she was also--
so it's very clear
or in the writings
there that Magdalene
was learning from her.
OK?
And Magdalene was being the
wife of Jesus, by one storyline.
That means that Mary
was her mother-in-law.
OK?
So that's another thing.
>>REGINA: Mother-in-law
and teacher.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah,
mother-in-law and teacher.
>>REGINA: Well,
in Sunday school,
Mary Magdalene is a whore.
Come on, let's
get this straight.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Well,
you know, OK, so--
I mean, we have
had the awakening
to Mary Magdalene over the
last several decades with all
these books that have
been coming out--
"The Da Vinci
Code," and so forth.
So now this is Mary's time.
With this work that
I'm bringing forth,
essentially, we are
coming to understand her
in a whole different way by
understanding her divine birth
in a real way that intelligent
people can get with that
is explainable suddenly.
>>REGINA: That has
historical precedent.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes.
It's part of something that
was going on worldwide.
And also, by looking at her
apocryphal gospels to see who
she really was, and then
hearing from channelers
like Sri Kaleshwar.
He wouldn't identify
himself as a channeler,
but he was a prophet,
and he was a teacher.
Claire Heartsong, and so
forth, and all of us--
and you and me, and anyone who
starts tuning into Mother Mary.
She is available.
She is here as a very
high, holy, divine being.
Because of all of her
lifetimes of work,
she has been able to
ascend to full godesshood
on the other side.
And so every individual
can access her at any time.
>>REGINA: And you
choose to do this
upon occasion, because you
have this strong resonance
with Mary.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes.
And I never thought
that I would.
>>REGINA: Well, OK.
So we've been talking
off camera about some
of the events that have
happened in your life
by calling upon this energy.
And one of them, I said
you have to share this
when we're on camera,
because it's so literal.
It's crazy.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: It's so literal.
>>REGINA: It's so literal.
So here you say you've
been house hunting, OK?
House hunting.
You've looked at probably
100 houses by now, right?
Finally it's like,
please, Mother Mary,
would you please help
me find my abode?
Please, please, please?
I want to find my home.
So you go through this process.
So you pick this story up.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: And
give me a sign.
>>REGINA: And give me a sign.
OK.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: I always feel
guilty saying give me a sign,
you know?
I don't like to test the
deities that way, you know?
>>REGINA: No.
You just wanted reassurance
and validation--
>>RIGOGLIOSO: I
wanted reassurance.
And I said it in a nice way.
>>REGINA: --that you weren't
buying the wrong house.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Right.
And this, mind you,
is the third miracle.
So if we have time, we can talk
about the other two miracles
that I've had.
>>REGINA: We'll have a little
bit of time to do that.
Let's talk about
this one for a bit.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: This
is the third miracle
that has recently happened.
So you know, me with my
little modest amount of money
that I can do this for--
I go into this one house, and
it's cute right off the bat.
It's a fairy house
on top of it all.
It looks like a
little fairy house.
So I notice-- the
long story short
is that the realtor
ends up taking me
into the woman's office.
And essentially, there's
a shrine there to Mary.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now this is in the
house you're looking
in the house, which they
weren't even listing really.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: They
weren't even listing it.
>>REGINA: But they
were nice enough
to show you the house
next door for sale.
So there were anomalies
to begin with.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Anomalies.
OK?
And so I walk in, and
there's basically a shrine
to Jesus with the Sacred Heart.
The Pieta is there.
And I'm like, well, OK.
I didn't first get it with
the Pieta, even though I--
>>REGINA: Because it's
relatively common,
if you're a Catholic.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
But what is there?
A laminated prayer card
with Jesus and Mary,
with the Sacred Heart, the
exact one that I have--
the exact one that is my
traveling altar prayer
card for years now,
and the only one
that I took with
me on my writing
sabbatical in the last year.
And I was like, ah.
Oh.
And I thought, oh my goodness.
She wants me to live here.
It was a little farther
out than I thought.
But she wants me to
live in this house.
That's my clear sign.
And there were other signs.
The seller's name is Mary.
She has a devotion to Mary.
We start talking, and she didn't
even show it to anyone else.
>>REGINA: I love it.
And you have your home.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: I have my home.
>>REGINA: Your cute
little home that you
get to pour your love into.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes, absolutely.
>>REGINA: That's miracle
number three, as you say.
>>RIGOGLIOSO:
Miracle number three.
>>REGINA: So lets you talk about
miracles number one and two.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
And it is important,
because what
I'm calling the
Resurrection of Mary--
we need to know that she's
a live, living presence.
She's not this sort
of boring, sexless--
that's why I was
arm's length with her
for years, because
I thought, well,
who wants to be associated
with that, right?
And everyone could get with
Mary Magdalene a lot easier,
because she's the
sexy one, right?
But now Mary is coming in.
Well, I had surgery on an
ovary a couple of years
ago to have a cyst removed--
benign, thankfully.
But when I woke up
in the recovery room,
I had the overwhelming sense
of mother Mary being there
and I thought, oh
my gosh, she's real.
Right?
>>REGINA: Because she was
theoretical in a sense
before that.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Very theoretical,
until you have an altered state
experience or a series of
synchronicities that start
getting really interesting.
So that was my first
one, my presence.
Feeling her.
The second was fast-forward
to a year and a half later.
Uh-oh, there's another lump
on my ovary, same ovary.
And they're palpitating
it and feeling it,
and I get my first ultrasound.
And it's there, and it
says finding significant.
I'm completely freaking
out now at this point.
And I said, OK, what
do I need to do?
So I decided, all
right, I've got
to start doing the holy
womb chakra practices.
I went into a meditation.
And basically, I was
shown, well, you know,
this is not about you're
going to get sick.
This is about you need
to start paying attention
to your womb finally,
Miss Brainiac.
OK?
So I will.
>>REGINA: Get out of your
head and into your body.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Get out of your
head and into your actual womb.
And so I started doing
these practices that I'm
going to be teaching people.
And I did the main
mantra, the Moola mantra.
And I started envisioning
Mary's womb merging with mine.
And then I kind of forgot that
I had asked for a healing.
And I was going in for a
second ultrasound and all this.
And the doctor comes
in all flustered.
He's looking at the
papers saying, well,
there's nothing on your ovary.
And of course, in that
moment, it all really
came together for me.
I thought, whoa, OK.
This stuff is real.
She's real.
The holy womb chakra
practices are real.
The visualization of--
she is serious business
here about women's wombs.
I was meant to have
this miracle so
that I could speak with
authority about her
and about these processes.
And then she, through grace,
helped me to find my home.
>>REGINA: And so these are
really visceral for you
and literal.
And so let's talk now about
the ways in which people--
I mean, people are
free to access guides.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Divine beings of
their choosing, in a sense.
If they relate
strongly, they can
call upon whomever it is
they strongly relate to.
But in this case
with Mary, let's
talk about just in
your own experience
perhaps the most grace-filled
way to interact with Mary
and to receive
information, wisdom healing
if we want to go into a
relationship with Mother Mary.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Oh, that's just
such a wonderful question.
I would say that you
basically don't need anything
except an open heart,
at the simplest level.
An open heart and
a clear request.
Mother Mary, I'm
curious about you.
Could we begin or
deepen a relationship?
Keep asking that.
And then just be open
to the signs that
start happening in your life,
and pay attention to anything
having to do with her.
Go into meditation.
See if you're going
to speak with her.
Are there going to be
messages when you become
quiet that come through to you?
That would be the simplest
way that I would say.
You can go to shrines
and places where
she is known to have come.
And even though there have
been overlays of some energies
that we might not be
so thrilled about,
there are shrines
all over the world
where you can go and feel
that energy touch with her,
because she comes
through those places.
She really does.
She comes through churches.
Go to that beautiful Catholic
church, that Notre Dame,
that whatever.
Sit and absorb her energy.
Educate yourself.
Because right brain goes
with left brain, right?
The more you do one, the
more you open to the other.
And then it's a figure
eight, and suddenly you're
getting far more inspirations
because you've been
looking at the information.
And then when you're
meditating, you get far more--
you can access the intellectual
information far more,
because you're open.
So that's the long
story about that.
>>REGINA: It is.
And each one of us has
our own relationship
with the unseen realms.
And I think most people
watching this right now
have their own relationships.
This is kind of like having
another wonderful, beautiful
entity tool in your own basket.
I have a couple that are
big tall blue beings, right?
And so I just call them the
blue guys, the big blue guys.
But I have to say, the
biggest problem in my life
has been me, never the guidance.
The guidance is fabulous.
They make things happen that
are miraculous all the time.
However, I don't think to ask.
And this is a really big one.
I think here, as human
beings, our left brain
has been so dominant
for so long.
We think it's up to us to
buck up and handle it and make
things happen with our
cognitive skills, and so forth.
And I think we're in a
period of such challenge now.
We really have to
start opening back
up with a sense of humility,
and also absolute knowledge
and faith that we are surrounded
by wonderful beings who
are here to help us.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Definitely.
>>REGINA: Every one of us.
We have our own.
We have collectives.
We have great
overarching beings,
like Mary and others
that we can call upon.
All we have to do is ask.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Definitely.
>>REGINA: And we forget to ask.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: We do.
And I feel like this
is an era in which we
are opening to Magdalene.
We are opening to Christ
in a different way.
We are opening to Mary
We are reclaiming who
they are essentially,
aside from any programming
and control that has gone.
And she is an extremely
high-level being,
because she has done what so
many people are wanting to do,
which is to ascend, to
become one with goddess.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: And
so she's available.
She's available as
that goddess who
has had many human lifetimes.
So she understands us.
And it really is
all about asking.
>>REGINA: It is.
And even if we want to help
her fill the role of realtor.
If we're getting turfed
out of our homes,
we'll all need a
little Mother Mary help
in finding new
abodes these days.
Any final thoughts
before we say goodbye?
>>RIGOGLIOSO: I would
just say, she's available.
She's available.
And I think that it is
important to understand
her divine birth--
that this was a
real thing, that it
was something that is possible
for women today as well.
Because as we start looking
backward and seeing, well,
what did they do?
What was this all about?
Then we start looking into,
how are women conceiving today?
What other kinds of high
practices can we bring in?
Because I think
we would all agree
that we could use a few good
avatars right now, correct?
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
And I think
oftentimes, people get
tripped up thinking, well, if
she was such an illustrious
being, why did she incarnate?
No.
First of all, it's interesting
in the hermetic studies
that they literally state that
the beings that we consider
to be the angelic
realm actually will
bow before a human for the
journey they've been through,
because it's so
much more difficult.
So much more resistance
coming through Earth life
to this place of
ascended consciousness.
It's something that
those other realms often
haven't experienced yet.
Some choose to, and some don't.
And those who choose
to are revered,
because that's the tough work.
We humans here, doing this
on Earth and at this time,
this is a hero's journey.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yeah.
And I have at times
felt Mother Mary
in a way honoring me as well.
>>REGINA: You're doing
the hard work now.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: I have
sensed her honoring others.
It's really a remarkable
reciprocal situation.
>>REGINA: Because
she's been through it,
and she knows how difficult
the Earth journey is compared
to being in finer
realms where you don't
have that kind of resistance.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Yes.
And she knows that it's right
now mission on for everyone.
>>REGINA: For everyone.
It's on for all of us.
Marguerite, thank you so much.
You're doing some
beautiful work.
And thank you for bringing
us this whole other vision
of this entity that
we can all call upon.
I really appreciate that.
I appreciate the
work you've done.
>>RIGOGLIOSO: Thank you.
>>REGINA: You can go
to Marguerite's website
at sevensistersmysteryschool.com
to learn more
about her courses and her books.
Also, to get to know a little
bit more about her work,
you can go to our
previous interview
here at Gaia in the archives.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[MUSIC PLAYING]